📝 [RUM-5172] add react integration documentation (#2873)
DataDog/browser-sdk: packages/rum-react/README.md

> This package is experimental. Use at your own risk.

This package provides React and React ecosystem integrations for Datadog Browser RUM.

## Installation

```bash
npm install @datadog/browser-rum @datadog/browser-rum-react
```

## Usage

### Initialization

To enable the React integration, you need to pass the `reactPlugin` to the `betaPlugins` option of the `datadogRum.init` method:

```javascript
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum'
import { reactPlugin } from '@datadog/browser-rum-react'

datadogRum.init({
  applicationId: ...,
  clientToken: ...,
  ...
  betaPlugins: [reactPlugin()],
})
```

### Error Tracking

To track React component rendering errors, we offer two options:

> - A basic `ErrorBoundary` component (see [React documentation](https://react.dev/reference/react/Component#catching-rendering-errors-with-an-error-boundary)) that will catch errors and report them to Datadog.

Reviewer: Please use [reference-style links with numbers](https://gist.github.com/emedinaa/28ed71b450243aba48accd634679f805#file-markdown-reference-links-L9) to make sure the page is translation friendly. Thank you!

> - A function that you can use to report errors from your own ErrorBoundary component.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A function that you can use to report errors from your own `ErrorBoundary` component.
```

      <MyComponent />
    </ErrorBoundary>
  )
}

function ErrorFallback({ resetError, error }: { resetError: () => void; error: unknown }) {
  return (
    <p>
      Oops, something went wrong! <strong>{String(error)}</strong> <button onClick={resetError}>Retry</button>
    </p>
  )
}
```

#### Reporting React errors from your own `ErrorBoundary`

```javascript
import { addReactError } from '@datadog/browser-rum-react'

class MyErrorBoundary extends React.Component {
  componentDidCatch(error: Error, errorInfo: React.ErrorInfo) {
    addReactError(error, errorInfo)
  }

  render() {
    ...
  }
}

```

### React Router integration

`react-router` v6 allows to declare routes using the following methods:

- Creating routers with [`createMemoryRouter`](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/routers/create-memory-router), [`createHashRouter`](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/routers/create-hash-router), and [`createBrowserRouter`](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/routers/create-browser-router) functions.
- Using the [`useRoutes`](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/hooks/use-routes) hook.
- Using the [`Routes`](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/components/routes) component.

> To track route changes with the Datadog RUM Browser SDK, first initialize the `reactPlugin` with the `route: true` option, then replace those functions with the same functions from `@datadog/browser-rum-react/react-router-v6`. Example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To track route changes with the Datadog RUM Browser SDK, first initialize the `reactPlugin` with the `router: true` option, then replace those functions with the same functions from `@datadog/browser-rum-react/react-router-v6`. Example:
```

> This package is experimental. Use at your own risk.

This package provides React and React ecosystem integrations for Datadog Browser RUM.

## Installation

```bash
npm install @datadog/browser-rum @datadog/browser-rum-react
```

## Usage

### Initialization

To enable the React integration, pass the `reactPlugin` to the `betaPlugins` option of the `datadogRum.init` method:

```javascript
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum'
import { reactPlugin } from '@datadog/browser-rum-react'

datadogRum.init({
  applicationId: ...,
  clientToken: ...,
  ...
  betaPlugins: [reactPlugin()],
})
```

### Error Tracking

To track React component rendering errors, use one of the following:

> - A basic `ErrorBoundary` component (see [React documentation][1]) that catches errors and reports them to Datadog.

Reviewer 3: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏ I usually try to avoid words such as _basic_, _just_, ...  
```suggestion
- An `ErrorBoundary` component (see [React documentation][1]) that catches errors and reports them to Datadog.
```

- A function that you can use to report errors from your own `ErrorBoundary` component.

#### `ErrorBoundary` usage

```javascript
import { ErrorBoundary } from '@datadog/browser-rum-react'

function App() {
  return (
    <ErrorBoundary fallback={ErrorFallback}>
      <MyComponent />
    </ErrorBoundary>
  )
}

function ErrorFallback({ resetError, error }: { resetError: () => void; error: unknown }) {
  return (
    <p>
      Oops, something went wrong! <strong>{String(error)}</strong> <button onClick={resetError}>Retry</button>
    </p>
  )
}
```

#### Reporting React errors from your own `ErrorBoundary`

```javascript
import { addReactError } from '@datadog/browser-rum-react'

class MyErrorBoundary extends React.Component {
  componentDidCatch(error: Error, errorInfo: React.ErrorInfo) {
    addReactError(error, errorInfo)
  }

  render() {
    ...
  }
}

```

### React Router integration

`react-router` v6 allows you to declare routes using the following methods:

> - Create routers with [`createMemoryRouter`][2], [`createHashRouter`][3], and [`createBrowserRouter`][4] functions.

Reviewer 3: <!-- Nitpicks are small, trivial, but necessary changes. Distinguishing nitpick comments significantly helps direct the reader's attention to comments requiring more involvement.  -->
**🥜 nitpick:** ‏ 
```suggestion
- Create routers with [`createMemoryRouter`][2], [`createHashRouter`][3], or [`createBrowserRouter`][4] functions.
```

- Use the [`useRoutes`][5] hook.
- Use the [`Routes`][6] component.

> To track route changes with the Datadog RUM Browser SDK, first initialize the `reactPlugin` with the `router: true` option, then replace those functions with the same functions from `@datadog/browser-rum-react/react-router-v6`. Example:

Reviewer 3: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:** ‏ avoiding using _"function"_ twice would be nice. Not sure this suggestion is the best though.
```suggestion
To track route changes with the Datadog RUM Browser SDK, first initialize the `reactPlugin` with the `router: true` option, then replace those functions with their equivalent from `@datadog/browser-rum-react/react-router-v6`. Example:
```
